# About

This is my NestJS template with my preferred toolings, such as Prisma ORM, Passport, S3 upload support.
Released under MIT License. Feel free to modify and use for your own projects.

# Structure

## DB

Schema definition and seed script can be found in prisma folder.

## Source

In the src folder, code is separated by modules, as per NestJS convention.
The common folder contains definitions that can be shared between modules.

# Config

For database connection and other sensitive config, rename .env.example to provide the necessary info.
For other less sensitive, check src/common/configs/config.ts

# Running the code

Install the dependencies. Then start the server by `npm run start:dev`.

# OpenAPI (Swagger)

OpenAPI interface is available at the server's _/docs_ url.

## Data types

API return types are auto-generated by Prisma in _src/\_gen/prisma-class_.
Do provide DTOs for body requirements with constraints.

# Database

## Docker Postgres

If needed a Dockerized Postgres DB instance can be start by running `npm run docker:db:up`.

## Initialize

Provide the postgres connection in .env file.
Run `npm run migrate:dev` or `npm run db:push` to initialize the database.

## Seed data

A sample seed script is provided at _prisma/seed.ts_.
To seed the database, run `npm run prisma:seed`. 1 admin & 1 user will be created, together with 50 samples posts.

**DO NOT RUN** seed on production database, as data will be lost.

## Studio

A web interface can be used to access the database by running `npm run prisma:studio`.

# AWS

## Config

AWS credentials is configured to be taken from the local computer's config file,
at either `~/.aws/credentials` or `~/.aws/config`. No sensitive information is committed to the source code.

Please provide your own profile and S3 bucket with the appropriate permission for upload functionality to work.

# Building for production

Use `npm run build` to build the code. Then `npm run start:prod` to start the production server.

# Linting

Pre-configured with prettier and eslint. Automatic import sorting with [simple-import-sort](https://github.com/lydell/eslint-plugin-simple-import-sort/).

# Shorthands

_@_ is mapped to the _src_ folder for imports.

# Testing

Sample tests provided for auth section, both unit & e2e tests.

# Credits

This source base is heavily modified from [this template](https://github.com/marcjulian/nestjs-prisma).
